Integration with App Switch Eligibility, Launching app switch (#331)
paypal/android-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# PayPal Android SDK Release Notes

> * added overloaded functions with callbacks for `start` and `vault` methods in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## unreleased
* added overloaded functions with callbacks for `start` and `vault` methods in
```

# PayPal Android SDK Release Notes

## unreleased
* added overloaded functions with callbacks for `start` and `vault` methods in
  `PayPalWebCheckoutClient`
* modified `PayPalWebCheckoutRequest` to include `appSwitchWhenEligible` property to control app
  switch behavior
* Breaking Changes

>   * made start and vault functions in `PayPalWebCheckoutClient` suspend functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add overloaded functions with callbacks for `start` and `vault` methods in
  `PayPalWebCheckoutClient`
* Modify `PayPalWebCheckoutRequest` to include `appSwitchWhenEligible` property to control app
  switch behavior
* Breaking Changes
  * Make start and vault functions in `PayPalWebCheckoutClient` suspend functions
```
Placing these in the [imperative mood](https://www.theserverside.com/blog/Coffee-Talk-Java-News-Stories-and-Opinions/git-commit-message-imperative-mood-past-tense-convention-standards-best-practice-subject) to align with git commit message style.

# PayPal Android SDK Release Notes

> ```kotlin 

Reviewer: This should probably be in a migration guide rather than the CHANGELOG. We don't typically place code snippets in our release notes.
